You know this is for people that programraph this  for people who want to program the use if for bra forc bra I for any god I'm going to show you. So  without further ado let's let's do let's do this. So OB is a hunting US library. Let's get into  an update. Uh today's dated 26th of March 26 26th of March 22nd. Time now is uh 10 11 12 no 112. Let's get started. So we have here the poly rep floor on V1 you get  it as here the poly here we have this file here and this file going to index  basically controls control shift and control roots This one going to run. Uh this one for this one time. This is demo and to  get all the packages here. So if you go back hang on get the my packages. Get uh  ubix here. So you get um stars. How do you get stars? I get [clears throat] how I proically um every package do  you need to run a system of books? Um so you got good if I go to I'll get it.  So the code the code first let's see we got so it's a live concept of the system LTD. Yeah. This is the we installed pure data or no react no just observe uh solutions. So in the simplest in the simplest possible proof of all  this standalone uh brought into uh system you know in user action  you get updates action I guess we get two type of runtime  function runtime and uh um detap So, so this will see uh the monitory here. This  is the one time code. So, if I start this one, I'm going to start it here. You start this.  So, if you go to github.com access this concept for it and this is the um store here. We get a  button logic get a render function and get DP the map function on the data and you get to me  the chest. This is the country and I have two star one stars. I just started with two stars. Perfect. Uh [clears throat] so good  detail on top of time now um 26 of 11 yeah 11 um 26 British standard time  and you have this mean so you can get everything there but you know you're going to have two models  too going to have the the component. What is B? I have adapters. [clears throat] The difference between the  function function component is the class. This what   it does. Uh let me try and clone and show you.  [clears throat] So now we call it here clone. Thank you. I like food. So obviously um yeah so let me show  you how you're going to have mpmator you get this dependency here only one dependency  you need to do with them. So if you go here one that is a Linux listen to V2.  So this is not really working bundle. and see this if you want uh V1 doesn't work. So  if you want input here can see Hello. get this comm. But you know, you get some you get the one here. You get V 1.1. So this is one  download. Uh what we need download but you know I installed it here. You know you got to have this notification. So if you survive you have the components here  and the components are obvious but this is like an serp So you see the violence from the public. You can see he's struck out so  fast in see new heavens. New house. You don't see seriously false, you know. seducing and see does what works as intended.  So key takeaways guys take the system. So this is called and the hard library using a poly code to make  a UI school and this is the my whole writing my web pages in systems of uh in this kind  of because I'm writing my home web page here I'm writing in this so if you go to here if you  come here you can store Open access LCD condos animation frame GP is called I don't download and install it basically and  it goes to you build and you get kind of and you see so far it's super adapter  work. So if I go to DP adapter how DP works to me so off and comp this what um component you build just build  all these components functional for Dr. Uh the first matter seems Okay. So guys, thank you for watching  this YouTube. This is the um KTO is plus you know uh that's really the goal.  It's a bundle repository and ensures that you can continue working and  build something out of the build. It's   all sorted out works. It's beautiful. It's  all good and dusted and it works intended. Thank you for working with this. You saved us all.
Uh so we're not going to continue on the uh project. So on my screen here on my screen here I got uh I've got uh the code here but it's only three uh minimum viral projects uh for the OBIX uh UI UX system. We're going to start with the one uh the one on the right hand side of the screen. Uh the one I've got pen to go start with that one. Um so the one uh MVP or the minimal V proto the pro prototype.1 uh I'll show you how it works. Uh so this is really uh the DP adapter. Uh this DB adapter really works by um you see this an adapter. This is a cooler data oriented adapter. Uh it allows you to map uh data to object oriented uh using data or principles uh which is the fundamental of the DP adapter. It's important to note that you know when you bop with your laptop you have a function representation uh for function implementations uh and to op to object orientations. Uh this algorithm says uh is constructing a functional component and this one is computing a class an OP component. Uh so a function decorative to a function uh and this is model to export DP adapter. So the data DP adapter is a data oriented adapter uh and it maps data to uh object oriented or program functional or any paradigm of program you're already trying to consume uh from that service or from that system. Uh it's an indirect system that allows you to transform data and map it to a a structure like a component like a web component and that's what we're going to do in this annotation. Uh so so in short this a this is a pattern this a this is a this a this a good pattern to or something called a pattern to uh to separate data oriented from code. I made this code uh so this allows you to separate code from data or logic for behavior logic from these structures uh using this kind of model and this is a concrete compation. So this actual component now this is the main component. So this component is really just data. Uh so it type so this component is a type of button. Uh it has a state of clicked. Uh it has an action of toggle and a render method and a action of toggle state. Now this UI component position an object it's just data. It's just data that can be manipulated based on region. Uh but you know components has to have render toggle to transition between those states. Hence the data and function. But it's it's an ab definition of think of it as a object definition of an instance to be consumed. Now we got um [Music] sorry now we got the the syntax. It's not this not this is meant to be here but it's not here. Uh so now we got uh now we got the render renderer uh the component. So this is renderer function components. It's going to render a functional component. So it's going to inside component going to log the render function. Uh and then same thing goes component class. Uh but you see how it's using a new keyword uh you know it's just naturally uh using that uh descriptive way to do it uh for instead of just equal to component constructed uh and then you run a functional render. Uh and now the syntax is uh now this is this is tax implementation but it's not complete. Uh but you know this is the implementation I have so far. Uh uh so you don't worry about this for now. Uh but you know that just the DP adapter. Oh, this just how to call this is just about USA translation. Uh now I've got the main js. This is main driver code. Now this main js uh is going to run to see uh import require the driver the logic for the component running the the component and then we're going to create new uh doop adap adapter. So this is uh requiring the modules the main the log transform the button logic uh and the render function. Uh now this adapter now uh uh equals a new DP adapter uh consuming that logic uh that logic that's strict uh and then the function adapter going to use the adapter function and then the function adapter is now going to render functional components the OP adapter is now component doing the same adapter logic uh and current opend function which is the render uh rendering the two functions you're going to transform into a renderable component uh so you can read the read me too Yep. So this just run the node main.js and you should see this thing here. Uh yep. So that's how that works. So so that's how you can use any language you know any way you have a duality. Uh you have to understand that um this concept is really uh meant to uh uh stop react components or OBS being tangled or people having to draw right one or the other. It's a separation of concern design for system. So there's no duality uh when you update or change a feature of a system. There's no way uh so you can stop functional programs fighting with all object or programs. That's the main benefit of this the overall over action thing of the system. Uh so u so this is uh main digest. So just read the function component define the logic and just uh execute the contest. So so what I'm doing now is just going to try to run it. So, I'm going to try I'm going to uh go new terminal uh terminal uh new terminal uh I'm going to write uh node oh sorry uh node node slash uh uh uh dp adapter uh dp adapter uh three uh no no uh sorry uh uh uh d adapter which is just uh this one here one uh I'm going to run the main address. I'm going to press enter. See, now I get uh the button off state. Uh but you know the button because it's locked that means the component has rendered. Uh but I'm going to extend the log to do uh other things to it. Uh but to transform the the formation and state uh uh this is the MVP1 uh it's called data oriented adapter. It's a it's a design pattern design principle that I implemented to to solve a duality between uh it's like it's really a translator between paradigms uh but you it's based on data data or data oriented programming principles uh where you have a lot of structured on data going through a system uh uh that's been that's going to be handled uh in process. So now I'm going to try to uh so so um so that's the first uh MVP. On the next uh MVP, I'm going to show you uh uh the other one uh the other two was the other two. This one is one MVP itself, but this is another MVP. I have to move that there. Uh tennis tracker. Oh yes, this one MVP. Let me move this uh this move this to here. There's another MVP here. this MVP4 uh MVP4. Uh yep. Okay. So, share share the video, share everything uh like, share, scrub, subscribe uh to keep me going. Uh I love more viewers my channel. So, keep it going. And this is just MVP one. Uh next we we'll explore the uh MVB2 three and four before uh I show you um for you and introduce you to the uh how OBIX handles UI US uh for LIU caching which is which is state hinged which I haven't got the MVP anyway. Uh yep. Uh that's MVP5. Um um uh dumb uh OBX UI OBX uh Lu Lu halt. Uh this is a hing. So this halting uh halting is just a uh stopping a a state just when it's loaded enough information. Uh but it's meant to hold a a program uh uh uh based on uh the most uh uh recent state. Uh okay. Okay. Thank you. Uh like, share, and subscribe. Thank you.
Okay, welcome back um guys to the minimal vibe of trouble 2 for the OBIX uh system. Um my name is Namdi but you can call me OBS Nami. Uh so so this is just the uh documents I'm going to guide you through. Uh you got the uh some of these are for more documents. This is a standard uh invotation. Uh and this is just a read me. Uh but you this program going to run today in Python. Oh, Python. Do I have Python? with Python. Uh let me just uh try to Python help uh help. It should give me the help system. Oh no, Python is not installed. Okay. Uh Python. Okay, that's fine. I will just use WSL. Yes. Uh so this now WSL is Linux. Uh we're going to try Python should be here. Uh we're going to run this Python module here, but we're not going to run it now. I'm going to explain some key concepts here. Uh yep. Uh so we just get version of Python 2. So we got 13. Okay. So um using the documents uh I'm going to guide you through this documents. First of all uh you see this documents. It's really the documents uh uh uh explaining statements um the technology behind something called state machine minimization. Uh uh yeah. So this is just a a elegant solution. uh uh explor exploring finite state machine uh state attribution uh but it's not not related to um the full concept uh but uh in this document I I elaborate that uh uh uh uh a state machine memorization uh is a fundamental principle uh uh uh transforming integral state um but you know it's like uh in short it's just like um so this is just the conviction solution um of a of implementation or same image. Uh but you know digit conf solution but this is the breakthrough in the document. Uh so in limit terms uh the program a so you have a two programs A and B. Uh these programs are uh are tennis trackers uh uh uh tennis trackers uh program A the conventional approach uh you play five games uh for game one. So, so this just means uh in tennis we have like uh uh five uh five uh five five points to get to uh a match point then you decide a win match point just one more point to the game end. Uh so so you play uh five games how data and then uh 0 to 15 to 30 to 40 the game. So this is game one and this is player B. So this is just like an example of the state machineization algorithm algorithm. This is approach uh so program a uh is really uh trying to minimize the stage. Say you are you have a you're playing against uh you uh you have a friend uh you you're playing against uh well you're playing against the world's blaze tennis player uh best tennis player uh whether because I know some of you are not uh but you know you play against this guy player hey he he plays tennis a lot he's very he's professional uh and you are a novice uh and you get angry at first you just try to beat this guy that I think is all it uh so play a just play a 15 so you played two game and the tennis tracker which is a machine that tracks tennis scores uh 8 to 15 uh 15 means the first point is called notice how it's recorded 00 uh 015 0 30 40 and game uh game is just uh yes 45 uh because it's not 40 in tennis but it's just the same thing so it's not the same thing actually uh 30 40 game uh notice how the stat track for each pattern Uh uh but the problem is fast. Uh uh so it makes the pause blow. It makes everything recorded. Uh now now um uh so this is just like uh this is a careful analysis of the system. Uh how the tennis tracker uh machine works. Uh say for example now you got game A. Now you said now you want to play again. You want to be the same guy. Now, we're going to get a new machine uh new tracking machine or or the program B uh or um tennis tracker B uh the exe uh to to track uh the system. Uh game A is now uh done and dusted. I mean game one. Now this is game two uh game two. Uh so you got player A uh 00 and then B is empty. Uh so this because I didn't score it didn't record anything or the machine did not start you know it didn't start it just track even track the zero we just go to 15 this represents an empty transition something known as epsilon no transition it just uh doesn't happen anything whenever codes because it's only tracking what is needed you know it's only talking with whose codes you know hence it's tracking the machine uh and that's how the algorithm works so it's like uh the the algorithm is supposed to uh uh No reduction eliminates uh uh the steps are really uh estabization pa state tokenizer pa uh but but it's really uh really uh uh uh uh reducing uh no direction elimination road in state through streamline path execution uh which is the UNC normalization technique uh for character sets you know just u the uh normalization algorithm uh is really for character sets uh what I keep it Yes. Yes. That's for character sets, you know. Uh it's meant to track uh it allows you to I think it's already here. Uh but but it's there. Uh so that's what it does. So this just tracks only what is needed. Imagine a pause system uh that does this. So this is two. I'm going to go on through to do next one. But this is just two MCB does two uh for the system. And this does this are the basically the foundation of the uh OBIX system. Um so this node uh reduction strategy uh reduce only tracks what's needed in a streamlined path application. It doesn't branch off. It just only needs only tracks what's needed like if does what it needs what it needs. Uh the packization uh minimize number of states and up this required transition. Just think of the that's just uh MVP uh uh five uh but you know it does what it needs to do. uh uh hesitate transition uh and then three uh uh structure reduce memory allocation and garbage collected overhead it doesn't need to uh uh track store keep storing anything uh hence the system so this is like a case study this is a case study of the program so it's a study it's a deep analysis of system but that's now we're going to run the Python implementation of system in in Unix uh so we got we got in this Python file we got interactive mode and non-interactive Uh but I'll show you how to use uh uh so this is just a see this tracker this is just a main function uh all we're going to run this file it just MVP uh and we'll see how we do it uh but you go love zero love just means zero uh but this is track base uh this is tracker base and this is tracker a tracker base uh it's a class extension but you know it's a score point system but this just uh uh tracker B you got inter mode than everything so now we're going to uh open a new term terminal We're going to split the terminal. Going to we're going to uh so we now got the WSL module here. So we're going to ls uh do Python Python. If you're interested in other artifacts, you can but this only uh artifacts uh uh I will give you to show. So P going to try to clear this system. I'm going to do python tennis tracker. Uh, and we get you see how we get this hop uh command. Uh, this is just a default default anyway. But, you know, we're going to try to do use it now in in non in interactive. We're going to use one in interactive mode and uh uh uh so we're going to use the tracker uh the tracker is a tracker a tracker uh b um which is the optimized one. Tracker A just pulls everything. Uh trucker a or or a player player uh uh um uh Fredd max uh player what I'm going to name the player um uh best and uh and player play player one best player best player uh player uh and best player his name is best uh and then player two is a west. So I'm just tapping the player this player two is west. Uh and then we're going to run this uh in non instruction mode. This tracker you have to use uh method to track it. I'm going to just play only games uh two games two. Uh I'm going to do interactive mode first uh just for two games. Okay. So we're going to watch it in real time. So, we're going to press enter. What am I doing? Uh, option a tracker. Uh, tracker. Is it a Oh, Python. Oh, sorry. No, the tracker is not I'm not running. I'm not. So, I have to find the execution of tennis tracker. Uh, uh, oh, interactive. So, that's spelled incorrectly. Interact. Uh, interact. interactive uh okay dash dash interactive but I don't think I uh spelled is right let me just copy this correctly uh it should now work yes so now this uh simulating a game or emulating a game it's really uh player one has example now we see player one is the best player uh uh this is real time So uh one so we're going to try to uh uh so in this case player one is going to win uh but you know one best score worst best loss. So point to player one uh point to player two point to player three point to player four point to player five point to player six and point seven. uh point to player five. So this is interactive mode. So now we're going to play enter command one. So you can see the best is game three. Uh it's now 30 love. Uh so we're going to give uh uh now this is just uh love. Now the game has stopped. Uh game one. So, you played best games, but this is not the uh Oh, games one, I think. Uh uh I didn't. So, we're going to do a point play two now. One, two, three, four, five. So, this now match points. Yep. Uh games won. Uh uh and now I'm going to give two points. Uh 30. So, I'm going two two two. Uh, and then we're going to do uh five twos. Now, do one one. That's right. Two games to two one. Uh, now it's one five games. Now, we can save for save to a CSG file. Uh, and now enter default tennis match. Uh, tennis match a tennis match. test match uh a game. Hey uh yep. Uh and then we quit. So we can now analyze this game history. Uh this is a test match. Hey uh but it's tracking the data and the state. Uh and you can see the 17 points and uh uh yep. You see it's tracking it. It's recording all the uh the inputs of that system. Uh but it's not done yet. I think I put too much games. Two games. Uh, two games require two. Um, oh, does it ever quit? Let me just see what I ever put. I think I made it go forever. Okay, now I can save it again. I can show history. So, see like the history I can show it, which is what being stored. And now I can quit it if I want to do. Let me save one more game. Uh, this is uh tennis match. uh tennis match uh uh a a uh uh extended and that is like a quit. No, it's not saved. Now quit it. Now get this file here. Uh but you know if you can see uh it's been tracking or the two implementations uh simultaneously. Now we're going to try to run the ten tracker B. Uh okay. So sign B is going to do Python Python ten tracker tracker B. Uh let me use real names. Uh best uh best uh uh uh what's his name? Uh Hampton I don't know. Hamilton Ham. Hey uh best player. Uh win winner win to win to uh I don't know. I think his name was like a I'm I'm going to call it w um uh a ban for that wins. Uh, Ben as in I'm going to call it uh V for uh V for Victor for victory. Uh, so these guys are going to win. Uh, and then uh Victor and then I'll call his name uh uh uh Victor. Victor and uh uh and then his name is uh Victor, but that's his name. Then is loser uh Victor W lose uh Lauren I mean uh Leslie Lesley uh and then you can run in interactive mode but this tracker B can run interactive mode but you know it can track only what's needed uh interactive like I didn't spell that right dash dash inter interactive And then this is Victor going to start. So I'm going to try to get Leslie to to start uh getting the point. So we're going to do two for Leslie. Two three and then one for two three four five six seven eight. So I'm going to just try to demonstrate the concept really. Uh uh but you know it's only going to trap what's needed. Uh and then I'm going to try to save it. Uh yep. Uh, and then we'll do tennis tracker tennis match. Uh, winner Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Uh, uh, Victor. Uh, B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B score B up. Uh, and then that's like here. And you see this here? Uh, you see how it only tracks what's needed. You see small file is smaller even though we're playing more games because what try track it doesn't track uh everything everything you know I could have the same inputs here uh and this file will blow but look at this file this all the data from that one game extended match and this all the data here 29 lines here uh this is less than uh 29 lines too but it's the same thing uh I can quit this program but it's only tracking what is needed uh if you if you understand what I mean uh only what you the only state transition you are you are exe executing at that period of time and that's how the the the tracker works you can use it for tokenizer paring and a minimization uh just to uh identify problems uh based on the path uh traversal bfs or gfs algorithmics uh in a ping structure uh but this how the the system is meant to work it's meant to be coherent you can you can use it for something called un character normalization which is like an algorithm that only um like you know when you have a uni codeation of a system or an ask representation and there's a two kind system you can really bypass one system uh to to use other to then change the meaning and then and then do arbitary code injection uh this can stop that problem entirely using the character set UTF8 UTF 16 or the other variants that exist uh to manipulate data or to store data. Okay. Uh thank you very much. this has been uh wonderful but um this implementation focuses on uh on the tennis tracker implementation of that system uh to track tennis but it's not just tennis you can minimize any machine uh it's not really specific uh thank you very much uh catch you next time bye-bye leave a like a subscribe and a share thank
Okay. Okay. Mate is the today's date is the 11th of May 26. Now, it's 9:40 a.m. 9:40 p.m. So, I'm trying to model this properly. What do I mean? What do I mean? I have a cup here. I have a cup here. This is a cup I got. You know, this cup is a money. It's a cup. It's a st cup. And topologically, it's it's topologically it's it's it has some dimension. So the very important the principle we going to understand how do I put it? So the principologically has the same mesh as a Taurus. A donut the same shape as a donut. Um is it a donut or Taurus? A Taurus. So it's uh it's this cup here is equivalent to a Taurus. No matter how much I squeeze uh this Taurus, you know, it's it's a Taurus. Uh by by design, this this cup here is a Taurus. This green cup I'm holding up in front of you is a Taurus. And why is it a Taurus? It's a Taurus because the geometry says so. The geometry says so. The geometry says so. This cup is hard to work with automatically. uh but it's just hard to work with but you know if you know it's a Taurus you can reduce it to a Taurus for kind of a regular shape of a Taurus it's a single object you are you understanding that it's a Taurus but you know the problem is this applies to geometry so applies to geometry so applies to geometry applications of uh of uh of uh heterogeneous um of taking application of taking this cup of this cup that's green that is uh uh green cup uh and shaping it and reshaping it into a Taurus into a Taurus. I'm trying to have a holographic system uh for obsc for bravo I for uh F for X. So the optimized browser interface experience or heart UI UX library. So this cup here is literally the pinnacle of my my my my hypothesis. It's at the pinnacle. I'm trying to uh clearly demonstrate that this shapes here uh have some uh this geometry here u uh uh is equivalent you know uh oneole geometric has share one hole and they share one hole and that one share two holes. Yeah, they share one hole here and one hole in the center. Ow. Ow. So, they share one hole cuz if you enter from one hole, it's not two holes. We has two sides to one hole. But, you know, they share uh two holes. Uh one here and one in the cup here. So, here is two holes. So, the two holes when you flip it. So if you think of like back face curling um I'm going to look at this from the the geometry standpoint not the project standpoint. So obviously not a camera standpoint but geometry standpoint. So u this is has uh two holes. No this has one hole. Am I saying it has one uh it has one hole? No two uh two holes which you know it can be two holes it shares same properties of the so you know depending on the two sides of you know think of it as so I'm explaining very poorly but basically I'm trying to re redrive the concept so give me some time you know so how many holes two holes why there's two holes because one hole here one hole uh one hole here no matter how you enter one hole here uh one hole over here. So, you know, because you can see through it, but you know, because it's a two has two holes. So, you know, one hole is and you know, because it's uh because it's a uh uh it's not a Taurus, that means it's not a Taurus. Um but you can reshape with you can it's not you can reshape to Taurus, but you know, you can ship it to a Taurus. Yes, it's just not the same thing. be yourself that mean that you have the same problems that problems they can reduce to one whole Taurus u because when you reshape this cup you know when you uh uh uh you know um you know I can't re this cup you know but I don't know I don't have hold I'm trying to find that um uh you know hold uh um I can't find it now so it has uh yes yes so this is it so this has one hole one hole you know I'm trying to think one hole one on this side and one hole this side the two holes so he has two holes here so he has two so it's the same thing mathematically this is a tape so it's two holes so because because it's two I'm saying this wrong you know so what's my main points anyway my main point is this has two holes one two from either Right. But it is a closed hole. So it's a closed hole. So you know it's just that um this isn't close. So basically there's a problem in geometry u in geometry and topology that uh you can reduce these two to one set problems and the problem is what you use to render. You know when there's two holes you know it's a problem. It's a good problem. But you know, here's one hole. One hole. So this has one hole. This has two holes. But they're the same because they they share the same problem. And the same problem is introduced in geometry geometry problem. So it's a tomographic problem of geometry. And basically I'm explaining that this can be used to hog. So what do I mean by this? So this um this tape here you know is uh is a simpler form to compute. Even simpler is that the fact that this tape this tape measure is uh more is computer is basically computer proof computer you know computer work with this kind of shape here this tip because this shape here is similar to this shape here this cup here but the same shape the same shape the same shape mathematically and geomet geometrically and by geometrically bye I mean geometrically topographically Okay. So this is uh this this hold uh uh uh uh 3D system here hold here you know and they share one two holes and they have one one close hole one hole one open hole and you know because you can go through the hole and come out and go through and come out the other side but this one you can't but you know this one is just they're the same shape and because they're the same shape they have the same principles to address here so I'm trying to take this um cup and project it as a Taurus on the other side of the screen. So you know so the share so basically if you have a camera and I'm trying to read this wireframe as wireframe I'm project it as a system of on the on the other end of the screen uh digitize digitize this so have to identify all the properties of this Taurus these are u these are these are sub geometry so this is a substrate of the geometry that exists as a cup and this cup will be what is here in the present you know what I'm talking about. So you know so this is a a Taurus this also Taurus but you know I'm trying to take this cross and shape it and render it on the other end as what was being produced and this digitally so you know basically doesn't matter the shape of this cup you know this cup you know it's easy to compute geometrically and that's how the principles of the problem so the principle is uh uh uh using geometry and tomography uh topology not tomography not the area topology to create a wireframe on that using that using like Z buffers uh uh back face curling uh which are standard methods uh uh like you know uh okay I'm trying to use back curling which is uh about faces to model sub regions that are the same and uh use Z reference to um put those differences to the previous differences onto the screen as a 3D model and that's the only thing I'm going to So the two need are Z buffering and back face curling. So buffing C will do the same thing. So two I need to do this and I know they're going to do 3D but you know the camera projected and that's from this camera aperture. My mother's calling me one second. So from this camera upput shot. One second guys. One second guys. So this is u the uh the copper chain and it has uh the properties of a of a taurus. So these are what I call uh uh uh uh uh knots. So basically it's not a knot. It's basically a whole dimension. There's a lot of shapes like this. So remember the two angles I need are a Z B and back face C to determine how this determine the holes topology of the shape. So you can have a wireframe. So we can project the wireframe of this cup onto the computer and that goes wireframe of the cup by taking a 3D by by taking a by taking a two dimensional picture of it in space and time. I've got a holograph uh that I can use to project a game onto you know onto a surface but you have to take a 3D model and digitize it and digitize it. So you know basically if I can dig this you know with my OBIX library for Oscar B for Bravo I alo X which is npm install uh for Oscar B for Bravo I for Indigo X OX I can use this to determine how this cup uh uh use how to use this cup how this cup project via B cut and Z buffer based on the axis model based on the plane axis. Okay, thank you for the video. So the first proof I'll try and demonstrate is uh the matrix model. Yes. Um let me show you. So this is a video here I want to show you. It's a pen. So let me show you the pen. So this is the pen here. This a pen here. So this jumps here. So this is a this is a wireframe and this wireframe is actually vector wireframe. See how uh it it it doesn't Yeah. move my mouth. That's fine. You know, but you know, it's slowing down here. You know, it's not it's speeding up. It's slowing down. Speed. Yeah. So, it's running to the mouse, but you know, it has some but this wireframe of netology of this net surface area, but it's just a wireframe of a subject of no. So, basically, you go to take a 3D object of this you go to have take a 3D object calculate the modelically. So, uh alumically take um the um take a take um take a 3D projection to trick 3D objects. Uh determine the Z buffer. not even determine like you know determine uh determine the back face curling. This is a sub routine and um uh project um determine tomography determine the topog to topology category based on back cing and zebra frame and then you know this is a very vague thing I'm saying doesn't make any sense okay because basically you're going to have the The buffer is going to work on temporary sub routines and you're going to have uh the Z the Z buffer. So let me try to define the problem properly. Okay. So let me call two functions. Um uh here uh you know uh funk funk funk uh uh uh uh buffer uh buffer z buffer z uh uh v is a type of uh v is a type of ve 3 ve 3 and uh uh delta t D or delta delta t uh buff. So buffer Z will be uh uh uh uh uh position. So to buffer Z you're going to have to basically you're going to have the projection of the system uh onto the screen onto the screen onto 2D canvas and that will be uh a Z axis move. So basically that's what B will do. So buffing Z will have this uh roof one dimension of the system and collapse into a two dimensional shadow. So be a shadow that be going to a shadow you know uh uh uh uh of depth of depth. So basically it's going to remove uh Z. So buffer Z remove Z. Uh no no no Z as a two dimension two um uh two show uh buffer Z uh let ve of time to buffer Z. So uh v dot uh a uh determinant determinant determinant equals b² 4 c I will say that you know uh uh terminant equals uh zero basically basically there are four algorithms I'm using. So the form we're using is to um determine the Z buffer do the back curling you know uh uh uh basically this is this is sub routine uh of the Z buffer you know basically to to to identify sub regions of of of the taurus of a taurus and if this if this shares the same properties of a taurus you have a holographic system you have a hologram uh that's a taurus that's equivalent to a cup but that hologram of a cup is just a range different range So you know it's arranged differently and that's what it is. It's arranged differently and that's why I chose the cup. You know I choose a couple it's arranged differently. So if you can just get a combination of taurus we have the shape of the cup uh based on the uh area or kind of the shape of the taurus which is the this green cup. So thank you for watching guys. Uh like share and subscribe. So if this is a taurus this a cup. So just put it side by side. You know, I don't think I'm doing this properly, but you know, I'm doing I'm doing this on kind of my my best ability because I can't really It's late now. Thank you for watching this video. Thank you. Hope this now
Hello everyone. Welcome back to OB Nexus. My name is Nami, but you can call me OB Nex Namdi. Um, today I want to like uh update uh tell you about a new uh a new uh I won't say it's a framework. I'll say more a library because I don't like uh frameworks in general. Uh cuz you know it's a UIUS library uh with framework like features. Uh let's call it that. Uh the the um the the library is called uh OBX or OBIX. It is uh it is a UI uh UX library written in uh uh TypeScript uh with NodeJS and roll up. Um O OBIX is really uh or OBI meaning OBI meaning heart or soul in EO uh my EO because I'm an EO man. Uh the heart UI US library. Uh yes uh that's what OBIX is. OBI means heart in ebook or soul or depending on the plane of existence you are from in um uh the UIUX library. Uh it is designed for f uh mitigation where fear, uncertainty and doubt are taken into account to give the best user experience. Uh uh that what that means is that OBIX uh Mrs. F by accessibility support in such a component and all of the above you know uh to mitigate a UI uh uh uh following the mobile mobile first uh principle where you design for a mobile first and not a desktop because the major of the user base I'm always on mobile anyway uh which is why the mobile first uh principle really uh shines uh now how does OBX mitigate uh fear uncertainty and doubt uh we at OB Nexus uh we see fear uh doubt as a barrier between us and our users. Uh anyone working on a project are the stakeholders uh risk and reward. Uh uh the barrier of the consumer and the customer uh between the consumer uh the customer is one that buys the product uh buys and sells and redistributes the product maybe to a franchise some source. Uh but OBX uh we are the stakeholder. I'm a stakeholder. Uh so if I'm a stakeholder working on an OBS project or OBS component uh uh uh which is like a L component which is really react friendly it's a right and play system uh uh after mate forward um think about accessibility uh as a first principle first accessibility uh so how does OBX uh mgate forward really uh at a component layer OBIX uh uh uh integrates uh uh uh WA uh uh the web standard organization attributes and and forces them through policies. Um these followers policies are really decorators or wrappers around functions that invoke when a function calls. Uh think of it as a typical ad decorator that you can uh use a QA matrix which is a true positive true negative force positive for decorate a component such as a react component. Um you have to know that OBIX is not a react component itself but it's react compliance. it really understands uh the features of react in a way that is people can migrate from react into OBIX uh UIUX library. Uh so that's how FUD is first mitigated. Now the second way FUD is mitigated is through teleament system. Uh you can track the state of components and see how something behaves in real time. you know uh using a territory track states of a system uh of the components logic you know instead of exhausted testing each component uh in a in a testing library such as mocker or chai or or or any uh uh or or the standard OBI uh test uh testing frameworks you know you don't have to bottleneck you just you can just track the states uh and toggle uh the state machine of that component life cycle uh like the JavaScript being invoked at that time uh using the library see you can get a telemetry system log that for you and see what's went wrong uh uh between two component policies anything uh uh yes uh so the heart u use library is going to be deployed on npm uh uh which under the monot and polyot or the hybrid uh uh schema uh you have to understand we have three scheas uh uh monogot stands for the the single user basically just nojs or or python or lua just one one one programming code base for one language. The hybrid one allows for both monog and polygon layers of interaction. uh we can you say you can do build an F55 bridge to a foreign to some other low level like you know Sython is a C of Python uh which is like a Syon is it's not generic it's just Syon so if you want to access some low you can use Syon to speed up the process of Python uh your Python uh utilities uh but you know um so that's a schema thing we have a uh the hmon which the polygraph polygraph uh which is like a many languages talking together like a poly polical system physical system. Uh and then we got uh uh uh uh the hybrid model where you can uh interchange uh components uh together. Uh okay. Uh now before before I continue I have to state uh um uh we have a when you if you when when um when uh the OBX uh is released uh system is released onto npm uh you have to it has something called the S semantic engine X uh semantic version X uh extend semantic versioning layers it's the it's my version of semantic version where we have hot subable components and traceable and traceable and traceable uh layers of uh of the system based on the schema definition. uh like you know if if I want to at uh npm.com/ob nexus uh and find my my my package I have a schema code at obexus uh uh uh uh uh I mean like a slash and I install slash or like OBX the schema uh the schema allows flexibility between uh so for example if I download uh if I have to download a package write it down here I think I write it down here uh so if I download a package at OBIX. I I have I have to choose the type I want. Uh slash uh uh slash OBIX uh uh uh I got a few options. Uh um uh uh uh uh mono uh uh monot that means just nojs from npn registry uh uh uh uh dot dot uh hybrid just means hybrid uh systems you know I can use monot and polygon layers uh to build my own program when I do npm install at obi nexus which is my business name uh slash um slash OBX Uh but the default is money got uh so that's the money registry uh and the polygot uh so you got the money hybrid which is hybrid component system uh where you can build your own and deploy uh components in yours in your infrastructure uh or build or you can use a a poly polyglot it means u many many many languages that's poly means many polymorphic uh means many different types of data information polyglot uh so we got that layers Right now uh right now OBIX is scoped to only scoped to uh the only schema schema only supports um right now it's defaulted to uh uh it has to be defaulted to monot because it's very experimental uh monotes for nojs complian systems because we I'm still working on the hybrid architecture uh how how how to allow uh other components like lit uh uh to to interact uh with the OBX oh for that structure and Apollo got allows you to uh to have a backend uh to to separate a shon from the OBX the UIUX backing uh to talk to many other diversity of languages to offer microservices uh for your web infrastructure uh based on the OI oi security model. Uh you have to understand that that OBX is really a a react component system. It looks like React, it feels like but it's not React. Again I repeat that it looks like React. It feels like react but it's not react you know uh there's a lot of uh uh uh uh how this works in layman's terms is uh how how this works how how this works in layman's terms is really uh uh really it just like this so so you write uh you know react standards defines react component if you don't know that that's how standards work a standard device set of features that can be uh configured uh through a a client interface or you You know a standard is a specification a specified uh okay a standard says prop foundation of a of a system like a component like you know react uses functional components and class components but react is bloated has a lot of presence in duality which I'll come address uh next in next video but it's react compliant just means it feels like react it is react it's not react because it basically to define what's a functional component what's an object component it looks like react It feels like like you know the IntelliSense feels like react but on the visual code it's not react um it's not react because of how it work. It's not react because um there's something different about OBX even the hybrid model. Now uh let me continue. Uh so when you uh when you install OBX you have to use monot or the polygon hybrid system uh to using semantic version X which is extended version of the major minor pass system uh where the major uh is the can be versioned to separate the content you know uh say for example you're installing OBX or reward system and you have a mismatch between dependencies uh like you know uh say you have experimental layer uh experimental version like you know uh can give experimental version for each uh for each chair. So you have experimental features. Let's call the features. So say stable has experimental uh stable and legacy um and you want to uh let's stable the function. It's called alpha. Now this alpha channel this alpha channel stays stable. Anything stable can be hot. So what hot is just a simp feature that allows you to replace a feature or a component or something you don't want or downgrade upgrade you know based on the class setup or the taxonomy layer uh for example uh if I'm in alpha the alpha channel and I install I'm in production right now right and something breaks uh like you know I made a small change and my dependency did not resolve uh this is something called a statement expression and intent layer uh this is what OBX really enforces. Uh for example, the state main layer is like you know it's a statement. All statements are really expressions in disguise. A statement is just a true or false true or false. You know is it true or false? You know uh is it a one or zero. You know the computer just so it's like a it's like a boolean formula. It a valid logic and source that formula and then gives you an output true or false. Now this is a boolean is brilliant because you know what depending on how the time complexity of that uh solution what is log n uh uh two n uh uh statement statements resolved into a boolean true or false yes or no one or the other nothing else. Okay. Now the expression layer is it's like you know it allows you to express intent uh expressing so layer takes the statement one step further. It returns an array a structure to of that data. you know if I say something is true what is the outcome of that digital what am I actually getting back from uh the function that I impose or the logic I have I have driven uh and that's how that works so so and the intent layer is the configuration system that says what's my intent when something fails so if you're an alpha channel not the beta channel because that's like development uh and the beta and alpha channel is uh uh is uh released into github from github.com/minus to the npm registry uh so that's what that is So the M uh smart allows like if you remember the if you remember uh the ship of T-shirts uh uh what what is what really allows uh uh the component system for OBX you allows you to swap out uh versions uh or or updates based on a schema tax like you know how much stable uh like you know each code name. If I name a stable version um stable uh uh code monkey code uh uh uh stable uh uh uh Stegosaurus uh Stegosaurus uh uh uh stable Stegosaurus, you know, that's a stable uh and I and and I and then I have a new stable which is an long-term support system uh for the for the OBX schema which is uh sematic version at OBNX. like semantic in X. Uh I can swap uh I can now migrate those features into another stable uh class. Uh maybe call a new code name like a uh um long uh uh uh u um stick extended uh like you know S for you know something that maps to a new version and that's how the evolution works in the system uh using specification. Now it's all standards are specifications uh but not all specific are status uh because specification declares more features evolution uh like you know how does something how do you define a new foundation uh so we don't roll back changes it allows the system to evolve uh hence evolution adaptation at OBS uh you have to understand that um um this statement especially layer and intent configuration uh is really can be any web compliance system like XML JSON uh or or packages JSON or YAML or yander you know, anything that can configure a system in real time. Uh, and a robot could change and map the statement expression layers to the intent to allow for templating of housing uh for the OB system. So, this is just a a good thing to do because it allows you to to separate what you want to do uh from what you want to uh achieve in a in a in a what you see is what you mean confirmation system. Or is it a way? Okay. Um, there's two type of system we can make. You can make a what you see is what you mean correction but what you see is what you get you know uh you know because what you see uh what you see it's like you know if you have a UI which is what kind of ambiguity because you know these are UI interface structures you know what you see is what you mean it's like what you type in like HTML syntax uh the meaning or description matches what you see uh and what you see is what you get is is more of a web philosophy when you have a like you know something like uh something like a web like something uh something like like like a like like like a like a like an RSS feed you know you want to map some data to it uh so what you see is what you get is really about uh like you know WordPress you know making process website but you don't have the you don't understand fully understand the structure uh which is some this is a gap between the two systems because these are two different ways of addressing a UI UX problem uh so we can use the conver system to give intent to of that system using what you mean what you mean What you see is what you mean or what you see what you get. Uh, okay. Yes. Uh, about about the react component. It looks like react. It feels like but it's not react. Uh, in the next video I will show you uh a proof of concept of something called um the data oriented adapter. uh the data origin adapter is really a key principle a pre- prototype uh proof of concept that grounds the whole foundation of the OBI system but you know uh there's three main uh um there's a tennis tracker example about how the uh tennis tracker or the automative state memorization works and we got some some prototypes I can show you too which I will show you in the next future but you know OBIX or the heart see this logo it's going there no here not I'm putting here, but I think it's here. Flip. I don't know. It's here. Yes, it's here. Um, this heart, how this, you know, make it look good there. It's kind of hard, you know. That's my heart. You know, so the OBX system allows you to be flexible in how you translate uh LTS or long-term support uh into stable branches allowing for developers and channels, alpha channels to be uh cohesively matched to each other over a development over the time span of development for new features. evolving a standard into a configuration system that can be formally described in a in a schema uh such an SQL SMS schema or JSON schema or whatever you're building schemas with nowadays uh uh but you know this allows for human out of the loop system uh uh which is H O2 uh to really uh uh like AI system that needs to be operational and autonomous by themselves uh to be able to understand uh also to stand instead and describe what we want to the system to avoid uh the downgrade system where we where we don't have some mishmash. Um uh so so in the next video think in next video we we will look at uh something called the data or adapter uh which is like my invention of a separation of consump data that translates a functional code into object own which is one foundational uh minimum viral product and prototype uh for the OBIX UI UX library. Uh we then look at the tennis tracker uh which is a state state machine minimization uh that works by um minimizing states of a machine by removing redundancies entirely not tracking only what's needed uh to minim simplify program uh interaction and also look at how the how the uh how the how how horting uh how horting how how how the concept of horting state hing uh uh in a system uh uh like you know so example say you have an app uh and you have an app and you and you catch some data uh and you leave that app uh it's like a it's like a big app it's a big app uh uh like but you know it's a big it's a big bloated app uh it starts up slow and everything uh one way around this problem is to cash only what you need uh as well because you know when you do an LU cash you have to cash all the whole system and a victim when user clears it it's a passive caching strategy but you know when you actively host a state of a caching system you and then and then when user say uh commit something and users is not returning with that storage anymore. It catches that state of the information and then evict it. Eviction when the user wants to evict it, he can come back but you know only catches what is needed based on the automation state algorithm. Uh so when the caching is done when the cession is done uh and user uh say just closes the app for some reason uh and want to resume user can just click on the app and resume because the LI caching the loose caching uh uh cacher uh or if you enforce a TT D TTL type of cash or time to live uh caching strategy uh really just lows uh the state of the component business telemetry tracking system or or what's been already uh transferred where the user's progress is at basically uh allows for the user to to maintain interaction with that system without starting over again and reconfiguring settings or going through the settings too much because you know it remember it remembers the state of the application before and after it was closed. You just have to have a checkpoint to know uh to dictate how the user will behave and how it doesn't have to have a check but you know depending on the how you can just save a check point anyway for the user or give them frequent saves you know give them option to save the progress you know how many settings but you know that's how that works um so um so that's what it is so we forward we are uh uh Okay. Um, thank you. Uh, that's all from me today. Uh, in this video, uh, my name is Ob Namji, but you can call me Obexam. Michael Apala. Uh, thank you and goodbye. Uh, check out the repository at github.com/obi nexus OBIX uh, which is the OBIX UIUX library. Uh, I'll demonstrate the proof prototypes after I make this video in the end of video. Thank you.
This date is the 22nd of April 2026. The time now is 19th of uh 7:36 p.m. Um, today I'm speaking on the uh part UI UI hot UI UX uh library. O for Oscar, B for Bravo, I for Indigo, X for SR which means heart UI UX. Uh user interface and user experience. I was speaking about the OB Nexus uh transpired app, O for Ox, B for Bravo, I for S for SR, uh JSX, um JavaScript and XML, object oriented programming and O for Oscar, B for Bravo, I for Indigo, X for X-ray, J for jam, u uh sa keilo, functional-f funk. These are two packages I'm hoping to build for OBIX. The main purpose is to is to separate con via the data origin adapter. It is a trans um it's a transpiler that takes a function code and trans it into object and takes object code and transpose into transpose it into um uh observe the code via a digjection. Uh the data order of data is allows you to toggle uh between a class and optimization. But at the compile time level I'm trying to take any components an accordion uh accordion which is a list of uh accordions uh uh uh accordians are among my best understanding uh uh uh expandable lists and loops can be implemented as functional components function accordion or class components. class or coding as react components. So, Obiix is a react interdependent uh no obs uh uses Jav XML to convert to react compliant uh code. Uh the goal of this is explore how or define problems in the do of tribalation that is addressed via the abstract syntary representation. You go the tokenizer the part the the the bundler which bundles OBS code obs bundler but when you when you create a react you're creating uh function app or class of app will understand that these are two components this type of devel development methodology used in real world practices and the key is to unveil uh um to transpire two sets of modules into their um into that into their to to shift to uh develops developers who are uh working whether with class or object whether class object rotation uh and functional rotation. Um the two packages for example if you created a cordium as a class method you can transport the whole code via the abstract string to the according of the other method. So you build isomeorphically you build an isomeorphic um a via the data pattern digital adapter which ensures that any kind of coding list is um uh is um is has transparization via the state and any kind of data any kind of um state is stless and works within two components. This is what Obsix does. Obi is a hard UI library and the whole goal of this is to show that um uh that developers can uh um evolve their code um maintain easily maintain code. The goal is to have it look like that feel react but um look but um it is it feels ra but is in react that means that it's OBX because it basically allows you to write components uh and transpose it in a diction you can transer from OBX JXS OBP function object oriented accordance to uh um functional accordance which are the same of the UI US state data data because everything is data in OBIX. There you go. This what I'm saying. So the accordion can uh be used to uh what's an accordion do uh used to display more information and by having uh a true version of same data uh you can you can convert it in real time and still maintain the codebase uh depending on what you want to do uh same um depending on the resolution of the end product or what uh uh what you're trying to achieve. cuz you focus on goal in object because you don't focus on the uh uh uh what is in a class within a function that is the goal of the transpiler but today you can also bundle obs code with uh uh you can bundle any OBS code uh with uh with react great vector let me try and demonstrate that One second. I'm just getting a break here. Yes. Yes. So, yes. So this product is called u obi nexus reac reactor. This is um from create reactor. Uh but you get this and a build this. So you're going to have a build. So you're going to have see the OBX reactor and you know and now I'm running the uh uh OBXs uh Slay client uh basically if you go to npm install at OBS OB SDK client G should Look, the second time. Yes. Yes. You're going to have npm obxix. Um MPM uh MPM NPS MPS So you get the npx open sdk client and this is the the client. If I want to use NPX OIX or Obiix, which is basically uh Obix uh uh compile compile GSX um that's target uh uh Yep. Uh source entry GSS. map. So I now compile obs compound entry source. This is source code to this distribution folder here. Let's delete uh uh this folder here. Yeah. So you can use uh uh the package. So uh basically you have to understand that you got the readme this react app and this react you can write um write code here. So you're going to have uh npm start and you get a react script stop and this react is a create this is create app project and the code is basically doing transpire uh via Obi so it's taking time to thoughts. So you're going to have um local host startup here. Now I'm in local 3000 startup and as you can see they have uh uh the product Yeah. Uh basically the MPMO injector is to go here. So uh uh it's going to be the uh access of bundling. Yeah, it's development server seem kind of long to start development server but yeah so the app so this is the standard um uh application for react but what I told you this um every source app.js just or save to low is uh uh what I'm trying to call transpile and if you try to transpile react like this function video can be transported to a component of the video but after it's ejected so the the react tool is um uh uh you don't need to ever reject a project in the ra code is uh you don't ever react to npm inject um eject to ox you don't ever inject I don't like ejection a project too uh cuz it's just mod configuration and this animation let's see by uh uh by running by changing the go so this is appjs uh learn react master obsix um so uh web compiled again we go back learn react master obsix so you know it's basically uh a system of uh editing kind of react code so you write in react so this overall react code uh via the uh Java and XML the way same uh way react does functional components you are using it to create a system of better components cuz uh component hierarchy for example you have the build directory um you're going to have the things that the system but they are reflect the source so they watching the source u but when you compile the project you are you are taking a react code and transpiling it into um um uh either class component if you want to see a different how it looks as a class component uh same class component you know uh how it looks as a class the class so you can ship it to a developer so you're going to have the two ways to do That's going to have the OBS SDK client, you know. Um, so this is the build react. Let me just try and conclude this part five files component zero c Listen. Okay. So, these are the instructions to use the open if you're trying to verify So these are script chair. Let me try and implement a schema component here. But you are this is command line interface basically. So if you have uh obs here, you have to compile extra. So this compile code. This is a build code. What makes build? So that's it. So uh this is going to get long uh but you know it's basically uh to have uh uh you know it's basically it's not you're writing React code and you're going to have React code. Basically, you So basically the goal was to have a way to you know bundle the code but you know you're going to have the desk. So this come this the same application file but this is a react. So it's basically taking this is the build and this obs but this is same thing of the react code uh but this is the b compiling code. So the next tip is to it does work it's the same code but obis understands react so I'm sure you know it's not structured in a way that you understand it yeah because it's not structured you know it go to make it nice and pretty. So next is out to take the inspect the take the direction of the desk and make it nice and pretty. So you're going to have a hierarchy of of of history. The the folders are roots, the leaves are files and the the ghost have uh the folders are branches uh or edges and the leaves are nodes and the four files are nodes. And it goes to have a bundle something that's coherently um uh into you can you can read the line spacing readable code. So it's not a it's not a bad thing per se. It's just that you know it has to be able to shoot deployable uh because the OBS client is um very very new. it doesn't bundle the kind of um things you um we want to bundle right now uh because if you look at the output text uh build for react you have a build static uh CSS JS media if you look at the desk you have app.js JS app test index report vitals and set these are these are not what is um standardized for an application application has an entry point uh app.js JS but it needs it needs it needs it needs to be structured in kind of bundle you can use open application and uh like you know install it install it kind of installable application because it's bundleable uh because everything has a root root um trunk uh trunk uh a trunk which is the root um you know uh you're going to have um some things a trunk root for the product which like the fruit photo or distribution photo folder So like I explain to you uh you know I've showed you um that um that we can compile uh we we compile a function uh in apps this is a functional app yes but it's basically react gsx but because this is um so because you understand reacts yes able to part code that will stop um it's not able to uh take this Um uh uh unless we bundle it because the bundle is not ready. So we go we go to compile we go to bundle. Let me see what the bundle command will be. OB build compile uh the uh obsix compile obs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's not working like the same thing is working So basically the client is um very new but it's not fully um here yet. So you know the OBX can is a hard UI use library but it's not really here yet. So you can't really use it um to transpile uh Java and XML React code into something that's um you know uh inside application yet. But we go to transpile it in two things. To convert the two code between class and optimization and to transpile the code uh into an executable installable um u um installable executable such as um u msix file which is an application bundle in Windows and whatever the target of application bundle uh is in Unix systems. Uh by doing so uh ODI should be ready for production. Uh but um uh but the the the goal is to have a runnable uh workspace executable that takes React code and uh make it into something that's runnable uh React uh code and make it something runnable in the real world in production because the bundles are what's really installable, you know. Uh the bundles are what installable. Thank you for watching the video. Like, share and subscribe.